README.md, before:

# Elasticsearch Helper Index management

`elasticsearch_helper_index_management` is a module that provides managing re-indexes from the administrative UI and allows re-indexing of failed items.
## Requirements

* Drupal 8 or Drupal 9
* [Elasticsearch Helper][elasticsearch_helper] module

## Installation

Elasticsearch Helper Index management can be installed via the
[standard Drupal installation process](https://www.drupal.org/docs/extending-drupal/installing-drupal-modules).

## Configuration

* Install and enable [Elasticsearch Helper][elasticsearch_helper] module.
* Install and enable [Elasticsearch Helper Index management][elasticsearch_helper_index_management]
  module.
* Go to the `admin/config/search/elasticsearch_helper/index_management/indices` to manage re-indexes

## Usage

1. Install `Elasticsearch` search engine ([how-to][elasticsearch_download]).
2. Install [`Elasticsearch Helper`][elasticsearch_helper] module, configure it and create indices using `ElasticsearchIndex` type plugins in a custom module.
3. Go to the `admin/config/search/elasticsearch_helper/index_management/indices` to manage re-indexes.
4. To manage your index, select Manage from Actions
5. With each index options are:
   - Queue all documents in the index for re-indexing
   - Remove all items from the queue.
   - Batch process all queued items.

[elasticsearch_download]: https://www.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch
[elasticsearch_helper]: https://www.drupal.org/project/elasticsearch_helper
[elasticsearch_helper_index_management]: https://www.drupal.org/project/elasticsearch_helper_index_management
[elasticsearch_client]: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-php

Commit message:

Tracking of indexing status is added
- Indexing status is written to table "elasticsearch_helper_index_status".
- Multiple reindex modes are added to reindex confirmation form: with
  options to do a simple reindex, simple reindex for failed items only and
  complete reindex (subsequent drop, setup, reindex operations).
- Clear queue button is added separately from other index-specific buttons.
- Entries for specific index plugins in indexing status table are cleared when
  index drop operation is invoked on index plugin.
- Entries for specific entities are removed from indexing status table when
  said entities are removed.

Co-authored-by: Marc Galang <marc.galang@wunder.io>
Co-authored-by: Raimonds Kalnins <raimonds.kalnins@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Elasticsearch Helper Index management

`elasticsearch_helper_index_management` is a module that provides managing re-indexes from the administrative UI and allows re-indexing of failed items.
## Requirements

* Drupal 8 or Drupal 9
* [Elasticsearch Helper][elasticsearch_helper] module

## Installation

Elasticsearch Helper Index management can be installed via the
[standard Drupal installation process](https://www.drupal.org/docs/extending-drupal/installing-drupal-modules).

1. Install `Elasticsearch` search engine ([how-to][elasticsearch_download]).
2. Install and enable [Elasticsearch Helper][elasticsearch_helper] module.
3. Install and enable [Elasticsearch Helper Index management][elasticsearch_helper_index_management]
  module.

## Usage

1. Go to the `/admin/config/search/elasticsearch_helper/index` to manage index plugins.
2. There are multiple operations available for index plugins:
   - Setup the indices managed by index plugin.
   - Queue content items for re-indexing.
   - Drop the indices managed by index plugin.

[elasticsearch_download]: https://www.elastic.co/downloads/elasticsearch
[elasticsearch_helper]: https://www.drupal.org/project/elasticsearch_helper
[elasticsearch_helper_index_management]: https://www.drupal.org/project/elasticsearch_helper_index_management
[elasticsearch_client]: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-php
